Title of Project: Real Estate Portal
Systenm Analysis & Design

Introduction:
System Analysis and Design is a process through which a business system can be planned, analyzed, designed, identified system-related
problems, solved those and finally implemented system. Systems, processes and technology are the main focused factors in system analysis and
design. Before making a real system, first, we need to understand the importance of the system, business value, important features of the system
that will make the system easy to navigate, how this system operates etc. and to understand these we need to gain knowledge about system
analysis and design properly.
The proper implementation of System Analysis and Design has been carried out in our project “Real Estate Portal” where buyers and sellers can
meet and share in a virtual common ground to carry out property business without the hassle of in-person site visits and infamous money
transactions scams. Individual sellers or buyers can keep track of their property documents and manage their registration as well as access
information and do actions such as adding, amending and removing property details. The portal features safe transactions via agents and affiliated
banks. Besides these subscription-based featured advertisements are another core attribute and main source of earning of this particular online
portal-based real estate business.

To properly analyze our system, we have identified the business need, business values, requirements of this system and constraints that might be
faced during navigating this system. Moreover, we have described our system through different types of diagrams such as Usecase diagram to
analyze our requirements, activity diagram to describe the behavior of our system, sequence diagram to show the messages that pass between
objects, state machine diagram to depicts the various states that an object might be in, Data flow diagram to depict the movement of data between
processes, entities, data storage and finally how windows will be navigated through our system.
