Title of Project: Real Estate Portal
Systenm Analysis & Design

Project Sponsor :
CEO - Easy Properties

Business Need :

The project has been initiated to give the existing offline property company an online platform to -
Get rid of the mainstream offline hassle of property hunt (especially during lockdown /pandemic) which eradicates the need
for frequent calls and visits to the site
Simplify the tasks of buying, selling, and renting properties of the customers via the company
Reaching more potential customers as digital portals are a quick and easy way of accessing information for individuals
who move to a new city and have still no access to local publishing
Provide assurance of valid and legal transactions while purchasing a property

Business Requirements :
Website features -
Extensive and up-to-date information property details (Map view, attractive image gallery and 360° video tour of the
property, etc.)
Loan, legal, interior, and property-related consultations service
Compare between existing properties
Integrated chat service with an active agent for urgent queries from the customer
Payment and transactions will be carried through agents

Admins can -
Add, remove or update property details
Create, update, delete information from the database.
Approve requests made by buyers and sellers

Users (Buyer and Seller) can -
Two-step verification using NID/phone number for improved security
Edit their personal profile
Filter, sort, and wishlist properties to buy or to take in rent according to their needs
Inquiry about specific properties
Post/edit/remove an advertisement
Provide feedback regarding the properties, rate other users, and overall service of the portal

Business Values :

Tangible Value -
The company gets 10% from the transaction made between seller and customer, services (eg. interior service, legal
service), and advertising fees
5% increase in sales from the annual fare offer/sale to attract more customers
Reduce onsite property visit cost of the buyer (transportation cost)
Trimmed down the company cost of extra employees by Tk. 1,20,000 / month as field agents will not be needed
anymore to show around the properties to the customers
Income from featured advertisements (if the client wants to sell his property urgently, he/she can apply for a special
advertisement for selling his property which will be showcased on the homepage of the portal): Tk. 30,000 / Month.

Intangible Value -
Satisfaction of customers.
Referral of customers.
Improved customer service.
Better competitive position compared to offline business systems.
Administration ease of managing property databases.

Constraints :
Maintain proper security of the portal via registration of legit customers/verification of users.
Area-wise portal customization (Dhaka/Chittagong etc.) as customers will be from all over the country.
To get the approval of various banks for becoming company partners in order to carry out seamless on-demand loan
operations for customers
Collection of on-demand property showcase materials (photos, 360° video tours,s, etc.) from the potential sellers could be
challenging.
To get appreciated and known as a generalized trustful real estate business portal in the country.