Title of Project: Real Estate Portal
Systenm Analysis & Design

Firstly,the user will try to login into the system using his login credentials.For the valid credentials, users will be able to
login into the system successfully. If credentials are invalid, then the user will be asked to sign up into the system. During
sign up,the user needs to verify the information he provides.After signing up,the user will be automatically logged in to the
system.
A user can use some features which are common to both buyers and sellers .For example ,he can select Bangla or
English as system language .He can also provide feedback about the overall portal service,rate properties and other
users.Besides, user can view his own profile and make necessary changes if he wants .For example, he can update his
profile information, make changes in his notification and security settings .User can end the process here if he wishes.

But if the user wishes to sell his properties, he will be considered as a seller. Sellers can add, delete and update
information by providing relevant property information and digital bonds. After that, updated information and bond will be
sent to the admin for approval. If the admin approves the property information, then the information will be updated in the
system. The system can end here if the seller wants.
The seller can advertise his properties by subscribing to an advertisement package. If the seller needs to sell his property
urgently, he can choose the ‘Featured Advertisement ‘ package which requires him to pay some extra fees. To
successfully post an advertisement, the seller needs to provide valid property information as well as fulfill payment using
mobile banking or online banking services provided by the partner banks. After the seller is done with payment, the admin
will approve the successful completion of payment, and then the advertisement will be published into the system and after
this, the seller can exit the system if he wishes.

The seller can also change the showcase time of his advertisement by providing a new showcase time which will be
approved by the admin. After getting approval from the admin, a new showcase time will be applied to his
advertisement. The seller can also request the deletion of his advertisement. When the request has been approved
by the admin, the seller will get his money back with some penalty adjusted with it based on the time the
advertisement deletion request was made and then the advertisement will be deleted from the system. At this point,
after deleting or updating advertisements’ information, the seller may end the process if he desires.
If the user wishes to buy properties, he will be considered as a buyer. The buyer can use the search function of the
system to look for his desire property. If he is not able to find any property he wished to buy, he can request for the specific
property type and then end the process after that.

.If the buyer finds the properties he was looking for in the search result, he can sort the search result for a better view and
more efficient searching. He can also compare between two specific properties. Moreover, he can wishlist his
favourite properties.If he is interested in a specific property, he can see detailed information about it by clicking on ‘View
property’.If the potential buyer is not satisfied with the details, he can inquire for additional information by posting
comments, sending an email, or calling the hotline number. He can get replies to his inquiries from the customer care
service. If he is satisfied with the property information, he can book the property for buying and end the process at that
point
.In addition to buying properties, buyers can get different services for example interior service,property-related
consultation services offered by the portal. He can also calculate loan details using the loan calculator. He can also get
loans from the affiliated partner banks. After using this service he can also exit the system if he wants to.